Brandon Haught: Hello.
Natalie Austin: How are you
Brandon Haught: Okay, are you
Natalie Austin: Can you see me.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I can see you.
Natalie Austin: I can't see you hit the, um, there's a video button.
On the bottom
Natalie Austin: On the bottom, it looks like
Brandon Haught: I like a rectangle start video or go
Natalie Austin: There you go. Yes. All right. Hi.
Natalie Austin: Four o'clock today do you had you at four o'clock as well that for something else. No.
Brandon Haught: No, I just had to one of our deployment.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so that was my mistake. I read it wrong. Maybe
Natalie Austin: Okay. Well, welcome.
Natalie Austin: So you've been here for a little bit before
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, how long have you been taking the medicine.
Brandon Haught: I was taking it for
Brandon Haught: I know the exact how long it was over a year, probably about two years almost.
Brandon Haught: Okay, I got off of the other clinic. I was on and made me switch. When I was in the intervention program.
Okay.
Brandon Haught: So I got off of that back in early December like December 2 or something.
Brandon Haught: Then I relapsed and then
Brandon Haught: I've actually been taking Suboxone the last couple days. If I don't know Street, but I can't afford to do that I need to get back into clinic.
Natalie Austin: Right, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Whatever you guys pretty heavily about December 6
Brandon Haught: When after I graduated the program.
Natalie Austin: Mm hmm.
Brandon Haught: The intervention program.
Natalie Austin: Here, unless you're taking the Suboxone pills eight milligrams twice a day.
Brandon Haught: I was taking our you guys. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay.
Natalie Austin: We'll continue on that too. Okay.
Brandon Haught: Okay, yeah, like to get back to that excuse me comfortable and now using
Natalie Austin: Do you have a pharmacy number
Brandon Haught: A number. Can I give me a name or
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Natalie Austin: I'm ready.
Brandon Haught: It's discount Drug Mart.
Okay.
Brandon Haught: That is on hills and Dales road and can Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: What I'm
Natalie Austin: The Suboxone
Natalie Austin: eight milligrams twice a day.
Brandon Haught: Tablets. Right. Yes. Yeah. Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We're doing like I believe two weeks.
Natalie Austin: Did they tell you one or two weeks.
Brandon Haught: They didn't tell me know
Natalie Austin: Okay. Well, I think one of the two weeks. So we're going to do counseling and group counseling and stuff together. So we'll be able to renew it a counseling as well. OK.
OK.
Natalie Austin: What's your date of birth.
Brandon Haught: August 25 79
Natalie Austin: August 25 of 79. Okay, then I'll look that
Natalie Austin: I'll Google that discount drug phone number and I'll call it in after we're done today. OK.
Brandon Haught: OK.
Natalie Austin: And then after that we'll be able to eat prescribe it. I'll send it to them electronically.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So, um,
Natalie Austin: But you were in a program then you relapse, a little bit now you're back with us.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I was an intervention program. I graduated the intervention program. Thank goodness, but I read that book towards
What happened.
Brandon Haught: Just got to thinking negatively and was free again and do I wanna
Natalie Austin: On your free again. You gotta be free of drugs to
Natalie Austin: You know, bring in other ways also
Brandon Haught: Right.
Natalie Austin: Otherwise, you're not really free of it.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Um, let's go over your past medical history do you have
Natalie Austin: diabetes, high blood pressure, but
Any medical
Natalie Austin: History
Brandon Haught: Uh, I have bear to the esophagus.
Brandon Haught: And I have hepatitis C, which I was currently treated for back around Thanksgiving time
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brandon Haught: With Maverick. So that should be going away here so I haven't been tested for it again recently but everywhere. I think I get does it again.
Natalie Austin: And
Natalie Austin: Anxiety, depression, any other
Brandon Haught: Yeah I deal with depression and anxiety.
Brandon Haught: I take Abilify and this girl.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: You're seeing a psychologist for that.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm past medical surgical history. Do you have any surgeries. Have you had any surgeries and
Brandon Haught: I had my appendix taken out when I was three years old.
Brandon Haught: And plastic surgery on my right eye when I was high school, I was in or utility. Go. Correct.
Brandon Haught: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um. Next slide. Family history.
Natalie Austin: Do you have
Natalie Austin: Are your parents still alive.
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Alive and well and I'll have high blood pressure, hypertension,
Brandon Haught: Diabetes don't know
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, social history, are you married single divorced
Natalie Austin: Single any kids.
Brandon Haught: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do you are you employed employed searching
Brandon Haught: Floyd
Natalie Austin: Okay, what do you do
Brandon Haught: Take care of DD individuals in a group home setting.
Natalie Austin: Oh, nice. Wow, that's challenging
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I did that way back in the day to yeah it's hard work. It's much like
Natalie Austin: Um, alcohol or tobacco use.
Brandon Haught: Don't really use out. Oh, I started smoking. Again I quit for seven or eight months when I was in that program.
Brandon Haught: I started smoking. Again, not long after every laughs
Brandon Haught: Okay, oh three quarters of pack a day, I guess, I don't know.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, then we'll do the review systems.
Natalie Austin: Any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Leg cramps.
Brandon Haught: Like
What about like, ma'am.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Now, what's your bearings are you, do you have any problems with the Barretts
Brandon Haught: I take Nexium 40 milligrams for that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: So essentially negative review systems physical exam. How tall are you,
Brandon Haught: I am six one.
Natalie Austin: Okay, wait, how much do you weigh
Brandon Haught: About today.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: At AMP T Perla cardiac pulses and tack Long's dalibor aspirations, I wouldn't understand it extremities. Do you have any swelling in your extremities.
Natalie Austin: Know it's extremities no Demon Cycle or uncooperative
Natalie Austin: Yeah, any allergies. Next slide. Allergies
Brandon Haught: No, no.
Natalie Austin: No allergies and medications you're taking Nexium 40 milligrams
Yeah.
Brandon Haught: vilified
Brandon Haught: 15 milligrams okay bistro 50 milligrams three times daily up to
Brandon Haught: Three times daily vitamin B.
Brandon Haught: Vitamin D.
Brandon Haught: baby aspirin, the travel whenever you
Natalie Austin: Not a problem. Yeah, okay.
Brandon Haught: Let's roll roll.
Brandon Haught: Roll and
Brandon Haught: I think so.
Natalie Austin: That's the box. Oh, I
Brandon Haught: Take I take a dog. You say sodium to
Natalie Austin: Oh good police. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: And then the Suboxone eight milligrams twice a day we'll add that in there.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then, um, we're going to do a group counseling.
Brandon Haught: Okay, yeah, I need to know when that is
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Um, we're trying to get something together for tomorrow. Between three and three to four, four to five or five to six. I don't know.
Natalie Austin: What works for you.
Brandon Haught: To six minutes for me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll let them know, and they'll reach out to you. Okay.
Okay.
Brandon Haught: Hello, call me. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Brandon Haught: We have to counseling all three times that day.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, I don't know, do you have your other counseling setup for tomorrow to
Brandon Haught: 6pm with ratio.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: That might be with Me too. I'm with
Natalie Austin: Rochelle as well. So that just might be morning. Yeah.
Brandon Haught: So that's good.
Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you. Any other questions for me.
Brandon Haught: No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay. Um assessment and plan one opioid use disorder. Start Suboxone eight milligrams twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Dispense 28 tablets for 14 days.
Natalie Austin: To
Natalie Austin: Will begin counseling with our group starting tomorrow.
Natalie Austin: at 6pm
Natalie Austin: Three continue other medications per your family doctor
Brandon Haught: Late tomorrow at 6pm so individual counseling. Right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I think that's when I see a show with the group. I don't have scheduled yet.
Brandon Haught: You said, I'll call for there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it will call you for that.
Brandon Haught: Okay. All right.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: There might be like you said five o'clock I might try to, I'll put it down what Rochelle know because we're shells helping you with the group as well. I think
Brandon Haught: Okay, okay, but
Natalie Austin: They'll call you.
To confirm that for
Natalie Austin: Me and I'll call a prescription and soon as we hang up. Okay.
Brandon Haught: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Any other
Brandon Haught: Yep.
Brandon Haught: No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Up. Soon as I hang up. I'll call it radians, it'll be ready within the hour they fill it.
Brandon Haught: All right. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Okay. We'll see you maybe tomorrow, okay, not so
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: All right. Bye bye.
Bye.